<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-05-21</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-05-21" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Peter at 7:42 PM.
Attendance
 Present: Paul, Margaret, James, Peter Apologies: Benjamin, Nick Absent: Michel  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. MOTION: Proposed by James and Seconded by Peter. Passed? Yes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-04-16-minutes.md
2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 2019-05-21 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year	($252.55 start 2018)   Debit card(old)  $40." />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2019/05-21/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2019-05-21T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2019-05-21T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-05-21">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Peter at 7:42 PM.
Attendance
 Present: Paul, Margaret, James, Peter Apologies: Benjamin, Nick Absent: Michel  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. MOTION: Proposed by James and Seconded by Peter. Passed? Yes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-04-16-minutes.md
2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 2019-05-21 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year	($252.55 start 2018)   Debit card(old)  $40."><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2019-05-21T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2019-05-21T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="711">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-05-21"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Peter at 7:42 PM.
Attendance
 Present: Paul, Margaret, James, Peter Apologies: Benjamin, Nick Absent: Michel  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. MOTION: Proposed by James and Seconded by Peter. Passed? Yes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-04-16-minutes.md
2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 2019-05-21 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year	($252.55 start 2018)   Debit card(old)  $40."/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2019/05-21/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-05-21</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">May 21, 2019</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening</h2>
<p>Meeting opened by Peter at 7:42 PM.</p>
<p>Attendance</p>
<ul>
<li>Present: Paul, Margaret, James, Peter</li>
<li>Apologies: Benjamin, Nick</li>
<li>Absent: Michel</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.</h2>
<p>MOTION: Proposed by James and Seconded by Peter. Passed? Yes
<a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-04-16-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-04-16-minutes.md</a></p>
<h2 id="2-reports--standing-items">2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 2019-05-21 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$436.35 current, $252.55 start of year	($252.55 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Debit card(old)
<ul>
<li>$40.86 current, $40.86 start of year		($40.86  start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Load&amp;Go(new)
<ul>
<li>$109.42 current, $27.89 start of year	($161.21 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$2301.71 current, $2850.34 start of year	($3469.95 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$2888.34 (was $3309.34 start of year)	($3924.57 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$167.00 this month,	$0.00 last, $322.00 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$261.11 this month,	$72.66 last, $697.00 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>($94.11) this month,	($72.66) last, ($375.00) this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 2019-05-21 (Paul)
We are averaging approx 2 renewals $40 per month, not much change their and has been like that for a while.</p>
<ul>
<li>2 renewals/new in May $40</li>
<li>1 renewals/new in April $20</li>
<li>1 renewals/new in March $20</li>
<li>3 renewals/new in February $40</li>
<li>26 Current Paid Members, previous month was 26</li>
<li>297 Expired Members, previous month was 296</li>
<li>368 Members on meetup.com, previous month 359</li>
<li>786 Visitors on meetup.com in May (Up until 20th)</li>
<li>1579 Visitors on meetup.com in April</li>
<li>1933 Visitors on meetup.com in March</li>
<li>1060 Visitors on meetup.com in February</li>
<li>Heaps of traffic on website and meetup. But conversion is the difficult part.</li>
<li>No real benefit of being a member rather than a visitor.</li>
<li>Maybe a $5 cover charge for non-members for food/drinks?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="3-events">3. Events:</h2>
<ul>
<li>May 2019.
<ul>
<li>2019-05-14: Raspberry Pi Jam demos.</li>
<li>We had about 17 people. Thanks to Nick for bringing all the gear and Benjamin for the sdcards. Thanks to Leon for bringing fomu cards.</li>
<li>Get more organised in future.</li>
<li>2019-05-27: PLUG-in-the-pub - Last Drop Beeliar
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Paul to email out.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>June 2019.
<ul>
<li>Second Sunday Regular PLUG + POSH Hack Day
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Peter to send reminder to list.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2019-06-11: Benjaminâ€™s Linux &amp; Open Source LAN Party. Is this confirmed?
<ul>
<li>Need list of games, will have HDD with copies of games?</li>
<li>List of games needed? Sauerbraten, Nexuiz, 0 A.D., Fractured Space? Tuxracer/kart/Supertux, BZflag</li>
<li>Steam games for Linux?
<ul>
<li>Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes?</li>
<li>Jackbox games?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>July 2019.
<ul>
<li>Second Sunday Regular PLUG + POSH Hack Day</li>
<li>2019-07-09: Benjamin on MooseFS + The Elastic NAS.
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Needs to be confirmed.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2019-07-22: PLUG in the Pub. Central? North?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>August 2019.
<ul>
<li>Talk by Martin Dougiamas
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin to confirm?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>September 2019
<ul>
<li>2019-09-23: PLUG-in-the-Pub @ Pirate Bar
<ul>
<li>They are not open Mondays, might have to move the day?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Quiz Night 2019?
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Paul: To find out if we can have at the Belgian Beer Cafe and do question.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Installfest ?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="4-general-business-and-matters-arising">4. General Business and Matters Arising.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Update PLUG addresses.
(New address President x)
PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580
Bendigobank, Paul we need to sign the emailed form.
ASIC.gov.au, Margaret is investigating.
ato.gov.au/ abr auskey ?
abn plus name may need updating also ?
DMIRS.wa.gov.au
ACTION: Peter to check DMIRS address</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Peter 2018 financial report on website .ODP
Still TODO? Yes</p>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="5-new-general-business">5. New General Business.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>James, Bulk import of old minutes into Markdown at <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/tree/master/_posts/minutes">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/tree/master/_posts/minutes</a>
Send to committee for everyone to look through first.</p>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: James to send through a zip file of converted minutes to committee list to check if anything needs to be redacted.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Motion: Paul, To get Out-of-scope UGMM php work completed by Alastair, the cost is an additional $100. Can we get this approved?
(I may be able to get this reimbursed from Linux Australia.)
Vote: 4 for yes. Passed.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Motion: Paul, To create a tender to get final Mail and Mailing list server migrated.
It could save us $800 per year. This has been dragging on for 2 years plus.
If everyone is good, I will write a tender to get the committee to approve?
(I may be able to get this reimbursed from Linux Australia.)</p>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Paul to do document with Peters help.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>We haven&rsquo;t received the ATO not for profit news letter in a while.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Linux Australia will give us hosting and or grant in the future.</p>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Paul to email them specific details.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="6-next-committee-meeting">6. Next committee meeting</h2>
<p>Tuesday 2019-06-18</p>
<p>Meeting closed by Peter at 8:42 PM.</p>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
