<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-06-15</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-06-15" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening  Meeting opened by Margaret at 19:40  VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug   Present: Margaret, Nick, James, Peter Apologies: Paul Absent: Benjamin, Patrick Guest:  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes  https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md  Note: Actual BBB meeting URL updated: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug Proposed Margaret (subject to annotation to show actualy BBB address as changed after the meeting), seconded Peter, passed without dissent    2. Next Committee Meeting  Tuesday 2021-07-20 19:30  3." />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2021/06-15/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2021-06-15T00:00:00&#43;00:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2021-06-15T00:00:00&#43;00:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-06-15">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening  Meeting opened by Margaret at 19:40  VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug   Present: Margaret, Nick, James, Peter Apologies: Paul Absent: Benjamin, Patrick Guest:  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes  https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md  Note: Actual BBB meeting URL updated: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug Proposed Margaret (subject to annotation to show actualy BBB address as changed after the meeting), seconded Peter, passed without dissent    2. Next Committee Meeting  Tuesday 2021-07-20 19:30  3."><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2021-06-15T00:00:00&#43;00:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2021-06-15T00:00:00&#43;00:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="808">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-06-15"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening  Meeting opened by Margaret at 19:40  VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug   Present: Margaret, Nick, James, Peter Apologies: Paul Absent: Benjamin, Patrick Guest:  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes  https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md  Note: Actual BBB meeting URL updated: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug Proposed Margaret (subject to annotation to show actualy BBB address as changed after the meeting), seconded Peter, passed without dissent    2. Next Committee Meeting  Tuesday 2021-07-20 19:30  3."/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2021/06-15/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-06-15</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">June 15, 2021</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening</h2>
<ul>
<li>Meeting opened by Margaret at 19:40
<ul>
<li>VENUE: <a href="https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug">https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Present: Margaret, Nick, James, Peter</li>
<li>Apologies: Paul</li>
<li>Absent: Benjamin, Patrick</li>
<li>Guest:</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes</h2>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md</a>
<ul>
<li>Note: Actual BBB meeting URL updated: <a href="https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug">https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug</a></li>
<li>Proposed Margaret (subject to annotation to show actualy BBB address as changed after the meeting), seconded Peter, passed without dissent</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2-next-committee-meeting">2. Next Committee Meeting</h2>
<ul>
<li>Tuesday 2021-07-20 19:30</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="3-reports--standing-items">3. Reports &amp; Standing Items</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 2021-06-14 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$313.10 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Business Debit Card
<ul>
<li>$44.26 current, $266.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$4252.96 current, $3801.47 start of year ($2114.42 start 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$40.86 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$4651.18 (was $4886.53 start of year) ($2801.48 start 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$20.00 this month, $104.50 last, $282.50 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$105.64 this month, $47.70 last, $377.53 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>($85.64) this month, $56.80 last, ($95.03) this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Outstanding:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$60 cash entrance fees received at Car Rally</li>
<li>$100 membership &amp; donations received today</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$44 cash spent on prizes/food</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Payables
<ul>
<li>$0.00</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$31.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
($15.00 of receipts at last meeting)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Transfers
<ul>
<li>$0.00</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 2021-06-15 (Margaret)
3 renewals since last committee meeting</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership trends as of 2021-06-15 (Margaret)
x Current Paid Members 32, previous month was 32
x Overdue Members 3, previous month was 1
x Expired Members 307, previous month was 308
x Members on meetup.com 454, previous month 450</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="4-events-status">4. Events Status</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Review of recent events</p>
<ul>
<li>May
<ul>
<li>
<p>2021-05-09 1200&ndash;1600 admin busy bee</p>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Peter/Nick: update committee position email aliases @plug.org.au</li>
<li><strong>DONE</strong></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>2021-05-31 PLUG in the Pub</p>
<ul>
<li>Broken Hill Hotel, Victoria Park
<ul>
<li>a bit noisy</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>June
<ul>
<li>Second Tuesday 2021-06-08 Benjamin on riff.cc
<ul>
<li>Benjamin presented from home via BBB</li>
<li>Need test run with presenter at least 10 minutes before start time to resolve any problems</li>
<li>Some brief network glitches, recording seems good</li>
<li>An out-of-band feedback channel is helpful</li>
<li>We discovered that the headphone output on the AV laptop was faulty (something we had not tested in our testing for in-person setup)</li>
<li>9 attendees in person, 1? online</li>
<li>follow-up request from someone who couldn&rsquo;t attend for a recording.</li>
<li>ACTION: get James some credentials to upload original meeting recordings.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Second Sunday 2021-06-13 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
<ul>
<li>Event was cancelled this month.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Forthcoming events</p>
<ul>
<li>June
<ul>
<li>Third Sunday 2021-06-20 PLUG Jitsi party</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>July
<ul>
<li>Second Sunday 2021-07-11 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
<li>Second Tuesday 2021-07-13
<ul>
<li>Only two talks offered so far (Harry and Margaret)</li>
<li>BBB - feature overview, demo PDF slideshows?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2021-07-26 PLUG in the Pub
<ul>
<li>Little Island Brewing, CBD</li>
<li>Florence Hummerston Building, 1 Valdura Place, Elizabeth Quay, Perth WA 6000</li>
<li><a href="https://www.theislandeq.com.au/">https://www.theislandeq.com.au/</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Margaret to update calendar</li>
<li>ACTION: James to update MeetUp</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>August</li>
<li>September</li>
<li>October
<ul>
<li>Quiz Night? Ben to MC.
<ul>
<li>Moved from May/August - needs more prep time?</li>
<li>New venue needed (Belgian Beer now require minimum of 60 people for Le Roi)
<ul>
<li>Prince Lane Bar? 356 Murray St, Perth (previously Carnegie&rsquo;s)</li>
<li>Durty Nellie&rsquo;s? Shafto Lane, Perth</li>
<li>Generous Squire? Shafto Lane, Perth</li>
<li>ACTION: Margaret to contact Generous Squire</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Paul is happy to help organise</li>
<li>Margaret can contribute at least one round of questions</li>
<li>Sponsors wanted
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Margaret to email list once date/venue are fixed.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>If others want to help, let us know</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Future:</p>
<ul>
<li>Foreman (Wings)
<ul>
<li>No timeline yet</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>MooseFS Expansion (Wings)</li>
<li>PLUG AV hack sessions
<ul>
<li>Piggyback on PLUG+POSH Second Sundays for starters, but announce an AV session for&hellip; ?</li>
<li>Could announce one by email (av@plug, plug@plug) as a AV/admin focused event</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
<ul>
<li>Paddington Alehouse, Mount Hawthorn: <a href="http://www.paddo.com.au/">http://www.paddo.com.au/</a></li>
<li>The Hampden, Nedlands: <a href="https://thehampden.com.au/">https://thehampden.com.au/</a></li>
<li>Ocean Beach Hotel: <a href="https://www.obh.com.au/">https://www.obh.com.au/</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="5-general-business--matters-arising">5. General Business &amp; Matters Arising</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising</a></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73</p>
<ul>
<li>Status I will endeavour to get this done by February.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin&rsquo;s new address)</p>
<ul>
<li>Who/what/where to contact next?
<ul>
<li><a href="https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/">https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/</a> , &ldquo;Perth Linux User Group&rdquo; ABN 58233849580</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Domain name renewed 2021-06-04, ref: Invoice 0459</p>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Peter to initiate payment</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Bank account signatories</p>
<ul>
<li>Patrick&rsquo;s card is with Benjamin until pickup</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Nick: Update BBB friendly URL, test after this meeting: <a href="https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug">https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug</a> - <strong>DONE</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Communications - if you do something that will result in an email to <a href="mailto:committee@plug.org.au">committee@plug.org.au</a> (e.g. make a purchase on PLUG&rsquo;s behalf, request a password reset), please send an email to <a href="mailto:committee@plug.org.au">committee@plug.org.au</a> so that we know it is genuine.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="6-new-general-business">6. New General Business</h2>
<h2 id="7-meeting-closed-by-margaret-at-2106">7. Meeting closed by Margaret at 21:06.</h2>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
