<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-06-16</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-06-16" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening.  Meeting opened by Ben at 7:37 PM 2020-06-16  Attendance.  Present: Margaret, James, Nick, Peter, Benjamin Apologies: Michel, Paul Absent: None Guest: PatrickC, StephenP  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-05-19-minutes.md
 MOTION: Proposed by Ben and seconded by James. Passed with minor trolling dissent.  2. Next Committee Meeting.  Tuesday 2020-07-21 19:30 @ UCC Big Blue Button?  3. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 2020-06-15 (Peter)" />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2020/06-16/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2020-06-16T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2020-06-16T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-06-16">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening.  Meeting opened by Ben at 7:37 PM 2020-06-16  Attendance.  Present: Margaret, James, Nick, Peter, Benjamin Apologies: Michel, Paul Absent: None Guest: PatrickC, StephenP  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-05-19-minutes.md
 MOTION: Proposed by Ben and seconded by James. Passed with minor trolling dissent.  2. Next Committee Meeting.  Tuesday 2020-07-21 19:30 @ UCC Big Blue Button?  3. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 2020-06-15 (Peter)"><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2020-06-16T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2020-06-16T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="915">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-06-16"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening.  Meeting opened by Ben at 7:37 PM 2020-06-16  Attendance.  Present: Margaret, James, Nick, Peter, Benjamin Apologies: Michel, Paul Absent: None Guest: PatrickC, StephenP  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-05-19-minutes.md
 MOTION: Proposed by Ben and seconded by James. Passed with minor trolling dissent.  2. Next Committee Meeting.  Tuesday 2020-07-21 19:30 @ UCC Big Blue Button?  3. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 2020-06-15 (Peter)"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2020/06-16/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-06-16</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">June 16, 2020</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening.</h2>
<ul>
<li>Meeting opened by Ben at 7:37 PM 2020-06-16</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="attendance">Attendance.</h2>
<ul>
<li>Present: Margaret, James, Nick, Peter, Benjamin</li>
<li>Apologies: Michel, Paul</li>
<li>Absent: None</li>
<li>Guest: PatrickC, StephenP</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.</h2>
<p><a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-05-19-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-05-19-minutes.md</a></p>
<ul>
<li>MOTION: Proposed by Ben and seconded by James. Passed with minor trolling dissent.</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2-next-committee-meeting">2. Next Committee Meeting.</h2>
<ul>
<li>Tuesday 2020-07-21 19:30 @ UCC Big Blue Button?</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="3-reports--standing-items">3. Reports &amp; Standing Items.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 2020-06-15 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$592.60 current, $582.60 start of year ($390.25 start 2019)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Debit card(old)
<ul>
<li>Expired current, Expired start of year ($40.86  start 2019)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$4078.47 current, $2114.42 start of year ($2754.04 start 2019)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$40.86 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$4775.53 (was $2801.48 start of year) ($3213.04 start 2019)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$1160.00 this month, $50.00 last, $2423.90 this year.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$10.00 this month, $250.00 last, $425.24 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>$1150.00 this month, $200.00 last, $1998.66 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Outstanding:
<ul>
<li>Payables
<ul>
<li>$10 to Timothy White for Domain renewal (Paid)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 2020-06-16 (Paul)</p>
<ul>
<li>2 renewals/new in June $40</li>
<li>3 renewals/new in May $50</li>
<li>2 renewals/new in April $50 ($10 donation)</li>
<li>2 renewals/new in March $30</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership trends:</p>
<ul>
<li>31  Current Paid Members June, previous month was 29</li>
<li>29  Current Paid Members May, previous month was 30</li>
<li>303 Expired Members June, previous month was 304</li>
<li>304 Expired Members May, previous month was 302</li>
<li>417 Members on meetup.com June, previous month 416</li>
<li>416 Members on meetup.com May, previous month 416</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="4-events-status">4. Events Status.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Review of recent events:</p>
<ul>
<li>How did the previous events turn out online? Any comments?
<ul>
<li>Hack afternoon: Quiet</li>
<li>Jamesh talk: Delayed 1? month for promotion, some confusion</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Forthcoming events:</p>
<ul>
<li>Aim for 3 month&rsquo;s forward planning
<ul>
<li>Last minute organisation is taking more effort, with less help, for lower attendance</li>
<li><a href="http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2019-October/009449.html">http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2019-October/009449.html</a></li>
<li>Paul - See events in order.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>July 2020-07:
<ul>
<li>Second Sunday 2020-07-12 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
<li>Second Tuesday 2020-07-14 Jamesh talk confirmed.
<ul>
<li>Spacecubed venue not confirmed. See emails to committee from Amandine.</li>
<li>ACTION: Ben to chase Paul to chase Spacecubed.</li>
<li>ACTION: Ben to give Stephen Meetup access.</li>
<li>ACTION: Margaret: Email reminders to mailing list: now; then a week out; then final</li>
<li>ACTION: Nick Update calendar</li>
<li>ACTION: Ben promote on Facebook</li>
<li>ACTION: Ben promote on Meetup</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter to investigate promoting on Twitter? (Official PLUG?)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2020-07-27? PLUG-in-the-Pub? Yes/No/Where?
<ul>
<li>Mighty Quinn: <a href="https://mightyquinnwa.com/">https://mightyquinnwa.com/</a>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Nick: update the calendar, meetup event</li>
<li>ACTION: Margaret promote on mailing list when calendar entry is done</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>August 2020-08:
<ul>
<li>Second Sunday 2020-08-09 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
<li>Second Tuesday 2020-08-11 Raspberry Jam
<ul>
<li>3x Monitor + cables</li>
<li>3x Keyboard/mouse set</li>
<li>Network switch + AP</li>
<li>Pre-flashed microSD cards (5x)
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Ben to buy these from JB HiFi</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Sunday 2020-08-23: Wings' Whacky Games Night 2
<ul>
<li>Sunday 2020-08-23 14:00-20:00 / 2-8pm</li>
<li>Date confirmed, time tentative</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>September 2020-09:
<ul>
<li>Second Tuesday 2020-09-08 Quiz Night (replaces PLUG-in-the-Pub for September)
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Research venue. Belgian worked quite well?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Second Sunday 2020-09-13 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Future plans:</p>
<ul>
<li>Quiz Nights?</li>
<li>Future Games Nights?</li>
<li>End of year?</li>
<li>2021 AGM?</li>
<li>Raspberry Jam?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="5-general-business--matters-arising">5. General Business &amp; Matters Arising.</h2>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Peter: will bank some of the cash box moneys.
<ul>
<li>Status: still to be done</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter/Benjamin/Nick: New Bendigo accounts
<ul>
<li>Bank requires ID checks, forms to be signed</li>
<li>Status: Done</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73.
<ul>
<li>Status: Still TODO</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul: Amandine Riff/Spacecubed agreement.
<ul>
<li>Paul - I recommend waiting for Amandine&rsquo;s reply and until I can call her.</li>
<li>Correspondence status:
<ul>
<li>Need a Spacecubed community member
<ul>
<li>One is renewing, we have at least one more?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Paul emailed AmandineT 2020-06-09</li>
<li>From: AT 2020-06-11: contact name? Vault or Town Hall?
<ul>
<li>To: AT 2020-06-11: contact name, we would prefer the Town Hall when it&rsquo;s available</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>From: AT 2020-06-15: More private events upcoming at Riff, who do we have as paid Spacecubed members? Please call.
<ul>
<li>To: AT 2020-06-15: We would prefer the Town Hall when it&rsquo;s available</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>From: AT 2020-06-16: Preference for Riff? over Flux? is understood? Paid private events have priority on a given venue/date. PLUG needs a paid Spacecubed contact member.
<ul>
<li>We don&rsquo;t mind Riff vs Flux</li>
<li>If we have a regular booking, we prefer the Riff Town Hall to any other room
<ul>
<li>if changing meeting dates to a less popular night helps us have a regular booking, that&rsquo;s probably OK?</li>
<li>we&rsquo;re happy to change rooms if any paid private events needs the Town Hall.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Paul: I don&rsquo;t think we can change our talk dates, but we could change rooms.</li>
<li>ACTION: Ben to call Paul tomorrow.</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter to email committee when his Spacecubed membership is current</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC
<ul>
<li>Who/what/where to contact next?</li>
<li>Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Server migration RFT2019-11 (r2)
<ul>
<li>Status: ETA end of June? (80% confidence)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="6-new-general-business">6. New General Business.</h2>
<ul>
<li>Domain name renewal
<ul>
<li>Status: Done</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul replied to Tim&rsquo;s email saying yes to the $10 reimbursement
<ul>
<li>Status: Paid</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Proposal:
<ul>
<li>Should we reimburse Tim some domain renewal fee&rsquo;s i.e. $50?</li>
<li>Alternative: Accept and encourage generous no-strings-attached donations
<ul>
<li><a href="http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/admin/2019-December/thread.html">http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/admin/2019-December/thread.html</a></li>
<li>Tim&rsquo;s membership has expired: renew it gratis?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>MOTION: To award Tim a complimentary 1 year&rsquo;s PLUG membership
<ul>
<li>Proposed: Nick, Seconded: Margaret, Ben, Peter, James</li>
<li>For: 5 Against: 0 Abstain: 0</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Discuss absorbing Perth Open Source Hackers events into PLUG + giving Stephen &ldquo;Event Organizer&rdquo; permissions.
<ul>
<li>Meetup renewals due August! (6 monthly)</li>
<li>Meetup is probably still worthwhile for PLUG currently, maybe review next year</li>
<li>Paul says that we get heaps of members coming via meetup.</li>
<li>ACTION: Ben to grant Meetup access to Stephen (from POSH).</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Meeting closed by Ben at 8:58 PM.</p>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
