<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-11-12</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-11-12" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening  Meeting opened by Benjamin at 2019-11-12, 7:40 PM  Attendance  Present: Peter (Treasurer), Nick (Vice-Chair), Benjamin (Chair), JamesH (OCM) Apologies: Margaret, Michel, Paul Absent: x  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes  MOTION: Proposed by Nick and seconded by Benjamin. Passed without dissent. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-10-15-minutes.md  2. Reports &amp; Standing Items   Financial Situation as of 11-11-2019 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $517.60 current, $252." />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2019/11-12/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2019-11-12T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2019-11-12T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-11-12">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening  Meeting opened by Benjamin at 2019-11-12, 7:40 PM  Attendance  Present: Peter (Treasurer), Nick (Vice-Chair), Benjamin (Chair), JamesH (OCM) Apologies: Margaret, Michel, Paul Absent: x  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes  MOTION: Proposed by Nick and seconded by Benjamin. Passed without dissent. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-10-15-minutes.md  2. Reports &amp; Standing Items   Financial Situation as of 11-11-2019 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $517.60 current, $252."><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2019-11-12T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2019-11-12T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="1642">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-11-12"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening  Meeting opened by Benjamin at 2019-11-12, 7:40 PM  Attendance  Present: Peter (Treasurer), Nick (Vice-Chair), Benjamin (Chair), JamesH (OCM) Apologies: Margaret, Michel, Paul Absent: x  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes  MOTION: Proposed by Nick and seconded by Benjamin. Passed without dissent. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-10-15-minutes.md  2. Reports &amp; Standing Items   Financial Situation as of 11-11-2019 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $517.60 current, $252."/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2019/11-12/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-11-12</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">November 12, 2019</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening</h2>
<ul>
<li>Meeting opened by Benjamin at 2019-11-12, 7:40 PM</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="attendance">Attendance</h2>
<ul>
<li>Present: Peter (Treasurer), Nick (Vice-Chair), Benjamin (Chair), JamesH (OCM)</li>
<li>Apologies: Margaret, Michel, Paul</li>
<li>Absent: x</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes</h2>
<ul>
<li>MOTION: Proposed by Nick and seconded by Benjamin. Passed without dissent.
<a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-10-15-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-10-15-minutes.md</a></li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2-reports--standing-items">2. Reports &amp; Standing Items</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 11-11-2019 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$517.60 current, $252.55 start of year ($252.55 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Debit card(old)
<ul>
<li>Expired, $40.86 start of year ($40.86  start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Load&amp;Go(new)
<ul>
<li>Recovered, $27.89 start of year ($161.21 start 2018) [delete]</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$2285.51 current, $2754.04 start of year ($3469.95 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$40.86 from expired Debit card (old)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$2843.97 (was $3213.04 start of year) ($3924.57 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$20.00 this month, $0.00 last, $890.10 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$105.00 this month, $0.00 last, $1195.57 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>($105.00) this month, $0.00 last, ($305.47) this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Outstanding:
<ul>
<li>Debts
<ul>
<li>Paul: Belgian Beer Cafe $105 (Paid</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Notes going forward:
<ul>
<li>Peter notes that we may not be properly representing month-to-month costs (eg pre-paid AWS).</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 12-11-2019 (Paul)</p>
<ul>
<li>2 renewals/new in November $40</li>
<li>0 renewals/new in October $0</li>
<li>1 renewals/new in September $20</li>
<li>0 renewals/new in August $0</li>
<li>26 Current Paid Members, previous month was 24</li>
<li>302 Expired Members, previous month was 302</li>
<li>402 Members on meetup.com, previous month 400</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="3-events-status">3. Events status</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Thanks for the shared effort in event editing and promotion</p>
<ul>
<li>calendar first, then propagate to:
<ul>
<li>meetup.com</li>
<li>facebook.com</li>
<li>email reminders and general discussion</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>it&rsquo;s surprisingly? hard to keep them all in sync: the closer it is to a copy/paste blurb that works everywhere, the better</li>
<li>software support would help!</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>November</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Quiz Night 2019, 2019-11-19 @ Belgian Beer Cafe, Le Roi room</p>
<ul>
<li>Food booked</li>
<li>Quiz Questions ready. 5 rounds including bonus with paper planes
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Paul and Ben to review each other&rsquo;s questions (happening in a Google Doc) to make sure it matches up with what&rsquo;s advertised in the calendar and in <a href="http://lists.plug.org.au/pipermail/plug/2019-November/084183.html">http://lists.plug.org.au/pipermail/plug/2019-November/084183.html</a>
<ul>
<li>Done! Geeky bent, but Benjamin and Paul think it matches the advertising</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ben Quiz master with Paul to help with questions and will bring laptops/4G</p>
<ul>
<li>Prizes:
<ul>
<li>O&rsquo;Reilly/vouchers? - Business email/calling/doorknocking?</li>
<li>Organisation/Members Donations? - Jaycar/Altronics?</li>
<li>Need enough 1st prizes to cover a winning table</li>
<li>ACTION: Budget of $50 approved for prizes</li>
<li>Margaret has &ldquo;prizes&rdquo; for the team that comes last</li>
<li>Thank you @PawseyCentre
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin to co-ordinate prize delivery</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Need items:</p>
<ul>
<li>Cashbox</li>
<li>Portable whiteboard + markers</li>
<li>Ream of paper/lined paper? for answer sheets, planes, pens/pencils</li>
<li>Sign and/or Tux?
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Margaret: can bring the sign we use at Spacecubed: yes, there are suitable glass door(s) for it</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Slides for display? HDMI screen is near entrance</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Quizroom doors open 6:00 PM</p>
<ul>
<li>1800&ndash;1815
<ul>
<li>initial organising of chair and tables</li>
<li>Is the HDMI TV screen going to be used? It&rsquo;s near the entrance, which wasn&rsquo;t the end of the room I imagined most quiz tables being at</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>1830
<ul>
<li>Peter - I guess this is about when you and the cashbox arrive, unless we make special arrangements to pick it up beforehand?</li>
<li>Setup laptop, take memberships and payments</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>1840
<ul>
<li>Serve snacks</li>
<li>2 platters between 10-15 people won&rsquo;t last very long;
<ul>
<li>there were 2 at the ITPA event which lasted about 10 minutes between 7 people (it was served after the talk; and there were some no-shows)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Balance/form up tables of 4-5 players</li>
<li>&hellip;leaving a chance for people to make substantial food and drink orders before&hellip;</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Quiz begins 7:00 PM sharp</p>
<ul>
<li>Encourage stragglers to join an existing table, don&rsquo;t leave them floating on their own</li>
<li>Thank you to sponsors, please financially join PLUG for 2020
<ul>
<li><a href="https://nitter.net/PawseyCentre">https://nitter.net/PawseyCentre</a> would appreciate a shout-out and some event photos</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Four rounds of general knowledge - 1 point per question? or are there exceptions to that?
<ul>
<li>First round, pass answer sheets left? for scoring.
<ul>
<li>MC reads out answers</li>
<li>Teams score each other&rsquo;s sheets and announce total score</li>
<li>Answers might be challenged, but judge/MC&rsquo;s decision is final. Half marks?</li>
<li>MC/judge/tallymaster collects the scores on a portable whiteboard</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Inter-round game: heads&amp;tails? Free drink for the winner?</li>
<li>Second round, pass answer sheets right? for scoring</li>
<li>Inter-round game: Paper plane throw? Free drink for the winner?</li>
<li>Third round, pass answer sheets left? Pause, wait for it to happen. Pass answer sheets left? again - for scoring
<ul>
<li>Whiteboard is now hidden from table view</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Inter-round game? Guess obscure number. Race to SMS the answer to the MC. No drink prizes in last half of night, bonus point for table?</li>
<li>Final round, pass answer sheets right? Pause, wait for it to happen. Start to&hellip; No change. :) Final round scoring.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bonus round - is this technical? Does it affect the quiz scoring or should it have its own prize? Is it in the middle of the other rounds, or is it something tables work on, on a bonus round piece of paper, during the quiz?</li>
<li>Thank you to attendees, sponsors. Please come to:
<ul>
<li>the Beer-and-cider-and-wine-and-nonalcoholic-pourium <em>Edit: Date TBD</em></li>
<li>Xmas BBQ, first Saturday 2019-12-07</li>
<li>PLUG+POSH, second Sunday 2019-12-08</li>
<li>Second Tuesday, 2020-02-11 AGM, anyone up for a lighting talk?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Add up all the scores, announce winners
<ul>
<li>Wooden spoon/last table gets something first?</li>
<li>Winning table gets first pick of prize pool</li>
<li>Then second, third, last, etc, then winners again</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<ul>
<li>
<p><em>Edit: Date TBD</em>: PLUG-in-the-Pub @ Beerpourium Fremantle</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://beerpourium.com.au/">https://beerpourium.com.au/</a>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Check menu
<ul>
<li>Cider and non-beer appreciated: 2 ciders on tap according to website, plus 3 gose, and other options</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Promotion</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>December 2019</p>
<ul>
<li>Christmas BBQ party King&rsquo;s Park 2019-12-07 11:00AM-2:00PM</li>
<li>ACTION: Budget of $120 approved for food/drinks.</li>
<li>ACTION: Margaret will bring salads, but:
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Paul?/someone to email numbers of RSVPs by lunchtime on Friday, 2019-12-06T12:00</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul I can bring food or drinks and someone can get the other?
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Nick?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>January 2020</p>
<ul>
<li>(LCA Gold Coast Jan 13-17th)</li>
<li>Committee Meeting 2020-01-21 Do we need one?
<ul>
<li>Paul, Nick: I don&rsquo;t see any point for a meeting in Jan
<ul>
<li>Nick: &hellip;assuming AGM and second-Tuesday 2020-03-10 is pencilled in</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>PLUG in the Pub 2020-01-27 Where?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>February 2020</p>
<ul>
<li>Second Tuesday, 2020-02-11 AGM with lighting talks?</li>
<li>5-10 mins per talk or overview of LCA.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>March 2020</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Future</p>
<ul>
<li>April: Focal Fossa Ubuntu 20/04 pre-release demo/launch party?</li>
<li>May: Raspberry Jam?</li>
<li>June: Quiz?</li>
<li>Talk by Martin
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin to reach out? when we&rsquo;re at our best, promotion &amp; AV-wise</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Puppet Inc may want to do with us, need to talk to Gino (but as above)
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>OpenVPN? Routing, Wireguard?</li>
<li>Godot: Free software game engine</li>
<li>Foreman? (Bare Metal Deployment with Foreman)</li>
<li>RPi 4 demo</li>
<li>Blender</li>
<li>Netbox (IPAM/DCIM)</li>
<li>Snipe-IT (python inventory management)</li>
<li>Boostnote</li>
<li>Anki</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="4-general-business-and-matters-arising">4. General Business and Matters Arising</h2>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Update PLUG addresses
<ul>
<li>(New address President X)</li>
<li>PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580</li>
<li>done: DMIRS.</li>
<li>done: Bendigo Bank.</li>
<li>ASIC.gov.au, Margaret noted that there was no address for PLUG on that site</li>
<li>STATUS: Need to update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter will update the address associated with the ABN, Paul can help</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter 2018 financial report on PLUG website .ODP</li>
<li>ACTION: Open Bendigo accounts for 1. debit card; and 2. interest bearing account
<ul>
<li>Compare:
<ul>
<li>2017-04-24 motions: <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AdHfl-3wszDUpBYaDWjDnu4rqvaIjsIkoNFM_Ot_nRM/edit">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AdHfl-3wszDUpBYaDWjDnu4rqvaIjsIkoNFM_Ot_nRM/edit</a></li>
<li><a href="https://plugorgau.github.io/events/committee/2019/04-16/#4-general-business-and-matters-arising">https://plugorgau.github.io/events/committee/2019/04-16/#4-general-business-and-matters-arising</a></li>
<li><a href="https://plugorgau.github.io/events/committee/2019/08-20/#4-general-business-and-matters-arising">https://plugorgau.github.io/events/committee/2019/08-20/#4-general-business-and-matters-arising</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Peter and Nick attempted to action this on 2019-09-23
<ul>
<li>Bendigo Bank branch manager asked for the Chair to be present?!</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Benjamin and Nick attempted to action this on 2019-11-01
<ul>
<li>Bendigo Bank branch manager suggested new wording</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>We do not wish to be pigeonholed into &ldquo;club&rdquo; vs &ldquo;business&rdquo; accounts if they are not fit-for-purpose</li>
<li>We have our Certificate of Incorporation document and signatories needed</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<ul>
<li>MOTION: The PLUG committee authorises the opening of an account with the Bendigo Bank suitable for use with debit/credit card transactions
<ul>
<li>Benjamin proposes, James seconds. Peter in favour. Nick in favour. Motion passes unanimously, without abstentions.</li>
<li>(There was some discussion as to whether we should include &ldquo;one-to-sign&rdquo; in the wording - meaning that any signatory can initiate a transaction - which was withdrawn upon further discussion as the current wording implies it)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<ul>
<li>MOTION: The PLUG committee authorises the opening of an interest-bearing savings account with the Bendigo Bank
<ul>
<li>Benjamin proposes, Peter seconds. James in favour. Nick in favour. Motion passes unanimously, without abstentions.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<ul>
<li>TODO: Benjamin/Peter/Nick ongoing
<ul>
<li>Bank appointment Monday 2019-11-18T12:00</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="5-new-general-business">5. New General Business</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Benjamin + Paul proposing some paid work to migrate our mail services to our new DigitalOcean droplet so we can reduce costs and move towards zero cost infrastructure (through grants/sponsorship from LA etc).</p>
<ul>
<li>The proposed Request for Tender, RFT2019-11 is @ <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EWSNVTg8OdKmDE5BSB_m9aeXsmzYoNzwwMJ01JIkjGU/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EWSNVTg8OdKmDE5BSB_m9aeXsmzYoNzwwMJ01JIkjGU/edit?usp=sharing</a></li>
<li>Between $200 and $300 approximate cost</li>
<li>Goal is to create automated tools to allow us to migrate enough away from Power (old server) to allow us to turn off Power most of the time (estimates @ 95% at this stage) and eventually to be removed and deprecated at the conclusion of the UGMM modernization work</li>
<li>AWS t3.micro&rsquo;s are about AUD$7.20/month , plus storage
<ul>
<li>We&rsquo;d like some other storage, too, backblaze.com B2?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>AWS Lightsails or Digital Ocean are closer to $5</li>
<li>We have gratis physical hosting available</li>
<li>We have had offers-in-principle for gratis VPS hosting</li>
<li>Discussion + tweaking of proposed RFT followed (wording re: Digital Ocean etc).</li>
<li>MOTION: The PLUG committee authorises the announcement of RFT2019-11-r2 at cost of $200-300 AUD GST inclusive.
<ul>
<li>Proposed by Benjamin, seconded by James</li>
<li>For: Peter, Benjamin, James</li>
<li>Against: -</li>
<li>Abstain: Nick</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Peter will bank some of the cash box moneys</p>
<ul>
<li>Would Monday 2019-11-18T12:00 work?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Paul no response from them (Australia Post?) about Load and Go balance</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Paul I haven&rsquo;t seen LL yet</p>
<ul>
<li>Nick: Tried calling, voicemail</li>
<li>See also: <a href="https://invidio.us/search?q=plug+startup+weekend">https://invidio.us/search?q=plug+startup+weekend</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<ul>
<li>Catchup minutes publishing, streamline codimd workflow
<ul>
<li>To check #1:
<ul>
<li><a href="https://plugorgau.github.io/events/committee/2019/06-18/#4-general-business-and-matters-arising">https://plugorgau.github.io/events/committee/2019/06-18/#4-general-business-and-matters-arising</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>To check #2:</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<blockquote>
<p>Date: Fri, 1 Nov 2019 17:06:32 +0800
From: Nick &lt;&hellip;&gt;
To: <a href="mailto:committee@plug.org.au">committee@plug.org.au</a>
Subject: Re: hackmd/codimd workflow, was Re: PLUG Meeting Agenda</p>
</blockquote>
<ul>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Check committee social media access</p>
<ul>
<li>Google calendar</li>
<li>meetup.com</li>
<li><a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au/settings/?tab=admin_roles&amp;ref=page_edit">https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au/settings/?tab=admin_roles&amp;ref=page_edit</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Anticipated incoming bills before the AGM:</p>
<ul>
<li>we should budget towards hosting costs over coming months</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="6-next-committee-meeting">6. Next committee meeting</h2>
<ul>
<li>Tuesday 2019-12-17T19:30 as usual
<ul>
<li>As for RSVPs/alternate plans</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Meeting closed by Nick at 8:31 PM</p>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
