<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-09-15</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-09-15" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening.  Meeting opened by Ben at 19:42 PM 2020-09-15  Attendance.  Present: Benjamin, Margaret, James, Michel, Peter Apologies: Nick Absent: Paul Guest:  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-07-21-minutes.md
 MOTION: Proposed by Margaret and seconded by James Passed without dissent No quorum for committee meeting 2020-08-18  2. Next Committee Meeting.  Tuesday 2020-10-20 19:30 @ UCC BigBlueButton https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg  3. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 2020-09-15 (Peter)" />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2020/09-15/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2020-09-15T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2020-09-15T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-09-15">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening.  Meeting opened by Ben at 19:42 PM 2020-09-15  Attendance.  Present: Benjamin, Margaret, James, Michel, Peter Apologies: Nick Absent: Paul Guest:  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-07-21-minutes.md
 MOTION: Proposed by Margaret and seconded by James Passed without dissent No quorum for committee meeting 2020-08-18  2. Next Committee Meeting.  Tuesday 2020-10-20 19:30 @ UCC BigBlueButton https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg  3. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 2020-09-15 (Peter)"><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2020-09-15T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2020-09-15T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="826">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-09-15"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening.  Meeting opened by Ben at 19:42 PM 2020-09-15  Attendance.  Present: Benjamin, Margaret, James, Michel, Peter Apologies: Nick Absent: Paul Guest:  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-07-21-minutes.md
 MOTION: Proposed by Margaret and seconded by James Passed without dissent No quorum for committee meeting 2020-08-18  2. Next Committee Meeting.  Tuesday 2020-10-20 19:30 @ UCC BigBlueButton https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg  3. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 2020-09-15 (Peter)"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2020/09-15/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-09-15</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">September 15, 2020</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening.</h2>
<ul>
<li>Meeting opened by Ben at 19:42 PM 2020-09-15</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="attendance">Attendance.</h2>
<ul>
<li>Present: Benjamin, Margaret, James, Michel, Peter</li>
<li>Apologies: Nick</li>
<li>Absent: Paul</li>
<li>Guest:</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.</h2>
<p><a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-07-21-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-07-21-minutes.md</a></p>
<ul>
<li>MOTION: Proposed by Margaret and seconded by James</li>
<li>Passed without dissent</li>
<li>No quorum for committee meeting 2020-08-18</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2-next-committee-meeting">2. Next Committee Meeting.</h2>
<ul>
<li>Tuesday 2020-10-20 19:30 @ UCC BigBlueButton <a href="https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg">https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg</a></li>
</ul>
<h2 id="3-reports--standing-items">3. Reports &amp; Standing Items.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 2020-09-15 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$654.69 current, $582.60 start of year ($390.25 start 2019)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Debit card(old)
<ul>
<li>Expired current, Expired start of year ($40.86  start 2019)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$3931.47 current, $2114.42 start of year ($2754.04 start 2019)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Business Debit Card
<ul>
<li>$196.00 current, $0.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$x (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$4690.53 (was $2801.48 start of year) ($3213.04 start 2019)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$170.00 this month, $46.40 last, $2712.80 this year.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$4.00 this month, $7.40 last, $603.14 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>$166.00 this month, $39.00 last, $2109.66 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Outstanding:
<ul>
<li>Payables
<ul>
<li>Up to date</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables</li>
<li>Transfers
<ul>
<li>Up to date</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 2020-09-15 (Paul)</p>
<ul>
<li>? renewals/new in September</li>
<li>? renewals/new in August</li>
<li>2 renewals/new in July $30</li>
<li>2 renewals/new in June $40</li>
<li>3 renewals/new in May $50</li>
<li>2 renewals/new in April $50 ($10 donation)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership trends:
*</p>
<ul>
<li>29  Current Paid Members July, previous month was 31</li>
<li>31  Current Paid Members June, previous month was 29</li>
<li>29  Current Paid Members May, previous month was 30</li>
<li>306 Expired Members July, previous month was 303</li>
<li>303 Expired Members June, previous month was 304</li>
<li>304 Expired Members May, previous month was 302</li>
<li>423 Members on meetup.com July, previous month 417</li>
<li>417 Members on meetup.com June, previous month 416</li>
<li>416 Members on meetup.com May, previous month 416</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="4-events-status">4. Events Status.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Review of recent events:</p>
<ul>
<li>2020-08-09 PLUG+POSH Hack afternoon</li>
<li>2020-08-11 Raspberry Jam
<ul>
<li>16 attendees</li>
<li>pibridge: Network switch + AP</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2020-08-23: Wings' Whacky Games Night 2
<ul>
<li>Will be doing unofficial/non-PLUG-y versions of this, as there hasn&rsquo;t been much attendance.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2020-09-08 Michael: matrix.org messaging/chat
<ul>
<li>Michael was happy with the recording, despite video hiccups.</li>
<li>Notes on the video recording/publishing system: <a href="http://lists.plug.org.au/pipermail/av/2020q3/001300.html">http://lists.plug.org.au/pipermail/av/2020q3/001300.html</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2020-09-13 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Forthcoming events:</p>
<ul>
<li>September 2020-09:
<ul>
<li>Third Saturday 2020-09-19: PLUG-in-the-Pub: Piratebar.com.au
<ul>
<li>Margaret has put it into the calendar</li>
<li>ACTION: Ben to call Pirate Bar and make a booking. 5-10 people.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>October 2020-10:
<ul>
<li>Second Sunday 2020-10-11 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
<li>Second Tuesday 2020-10-13: Quiz Night
<ul>
<li>Confirmed to be at the Belgian Beer Cafe, as booked by Michel (thank you!) - to find the emails, search &ldquo;Re: [plug-ctte] BOOKING&rdquo;.</li>
<li>ACTION: Ben to call Belgian and ask if we can come in 30 mins early to set up.</li>
<li>ACTION: MC/Questions Nick/Paul/Ben
<ul>
<li>Benjamin as MC</li>
<li>ACTION: Ben to ask James Bromberger (CC nick)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Next: promotion and sponsorship/prizes: team effort
<ul>
<li>Margaret: email promotion</li>
<li>Nick: Calendar entry, Bendigo Bank, Luke:LCA2014</li>
<li>Benjamin: ACTION: Facebook + Meetup events, Pawsey prizes/sponsorship - put sponsorship details on Google calendar - closer to night, prepare a sponsors slide</li>
<li>James: Canonical, T-shirt</li>
<li>Michel: Possible sponsors/investigate.</li>
<li>Peter:</li>
<li>Paul:</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>November 2020-11:
<ul>
<li>DUG talk offer?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>December 2020-12:</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Future:</p>
<ul>
<li>DUG - talk and tour of data centre - November?</li>
<li>Foreman (Wings)</li>
<li>Ansible AWX (Wings + Michael?)</li>
<li>MooseFS Expansion (Wings, Distant future)</li>
<li>MiniMagnus Pi &ldquo;Supercomputer&rdquo; (Wings, Distant future)</li>
<li>Quiz Nights?</li>
<li>Future Games Nights? (no, not for a while)</li>
<li>End of year?</li>
<li>2021 AGM?</li>
<li>Raspberry Jam 2021-03?</li>
<li>Puppet talk (remotely).</li>
<li>End of Year BBQ - let&rsquo;s start thinking about dates.
<ul>
<li>Possible dates - Saturdays are the 5th, 12th, 19th of December. Ideally one of those.</li>
<li>ACTION: Pick a date in October meeting.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="5-general-business--matters-arising">5. General Business &amp; Matters Arising.</h2>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Event promotion: team effort
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Margaret: email list with announcements/final reminders</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul: meetup.com</li>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin: meetup.com (backup) + facebook.com</li>
<li>ACTION: Nick, All: calendar, backup where needed</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter to investigate promoting on Twitter? (Official PLUG?)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: DONE: Ben+Nick test network uplink: Second Sunday morning?</li>
<li>ACTION: DONE: Benjamin to followup Michael to get a talk blurb for the calendar</li>
<li>ACTION: DONE: Michel: Quiz venue booking: Belgian Beer Cafe
<ul>
<li>ACTION: MC/Questions Nick/Paul/Ben</li>
<li>ACTION: Ben to ask James Bromberger (CC nick)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter: will bank some of the cash box moneys</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul: Amandine Trouillet - Spacecubed agreement</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC (N.B. Benjamin&rsquo;s new address?)
<ul>
<li>Who/what/where to contact next?</li>
<li>Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Server migration RFT2019-11 (r2)
<ul>
<li>General admin help always wanted, have tried to onboard through hack sessions</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: New signatory on Bendigo Business Basic account
<ul>
<li>Join 2 other signatories during business hours; &ldquo;Friday or Monday can probably be made to work for me&rdquo; &ndash; PL, BA, NB</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul: forms are available at Bentley when convenient</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="6-new-general-business">6. New General Business.</h2>
<p>Margaret suggests we keep each other in the loop by emailing committee as things get finalized and sorted out ahead of the October Quiz. Please email committee as things happen. (Wings strongly agrees.)</p>
<p>Meeting closed by at 8:34 PM.</p>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
