<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-06-18</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-06-18" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:37 PM
Attendance:
 Present: Margaret, Benjamin, James, Nick, Peter Apologies: Paul Absent: Michel  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes MOTION: Proposed by Peter and Seconded by Margaret, James, Passed? Yes (Ben and Nick abstain) http://tiny.cc/bwr16y -&gt; https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-05-21-minutes.md
2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 2019-06-17 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year ($252." />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2019/06-18/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2019-06-18T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2019-06-18T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-06-18">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:37 PM
Attendance:
 Present: Margaret, Benjamin, James, Nick, Peter Apologies: Paul Absent: Michel  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes MOTION: Proposed by Peter and Seconded by Margaret, James, Passed? Yes (Ben and Nick abstain) http://tiny.cc/bwr16y -&gt; https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-05-21-minutes.md
2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 2019-06-17 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year ($252."><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2019-06-18T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2019-06-18T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="752">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-06-18"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:37 PM
Attendance:
 Present: Margaret, Benjamin, James, Nick, Peter Apologies: Paul Absent: Michel  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes MOTION: Proposed by Peter and Seconded by Margaret, James, Passed? Yes (Ben and Nick abstain) http://tiny.cc/bwr16y -&gt; https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-05-21-minutes.md
2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 2019-06-17 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year ($252."/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2019/06-18/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-06-18</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">June 18, 2019</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening</h2>
<p>Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:37 PM</p>
<p>Attendance:</p>
<ul>
<li>Present: Margaret, Benjamin, James, Nick, Peter</li>
<li>Apologies: Paul</li>
<li>Absent: Michel</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes</h2>
<p>MOTION: Proposed by Peter and Seconded by Margaret, James, Passed? Yes (Ben and Nick abstain)
<a href="http://tiny.cc/bwr16y">http://tiny.cc/bwr16y</a>
-&gt; <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-05-21-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-05-21-minutes.md</a></p>
<h2 id="2-reports--standing-items">2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 2019-06-17 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$436.35 current, $252.55 start of year  ($252.55 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Debit card(old)
<ul>
<li>$40.86 current, $40.86 start of year            ($40.86  start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Load&amp;Go(new)
<ul>
<li>$31.27 current, $27.89 start of year    ($161.21 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$2312.71 current, $2850.34 start of year        ($3469.95 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$2821.19 (was $3309.34 start of year)   ($3924.57 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$120.00 this month,     $187.00 last, $562.00 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$207.15 this month,     $261.11 last, $904.15 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>($87.15) this month,    ($74.11) last, ($442.15) this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>MOTION: To transfer $150 into the Load &amp; Go card to cover AWS usage.  Moved: Peter. Seconded: Benjamin, Margaret, Nick, James. Passed.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 2019-06-18 (Paul)</p>
<ul>
<li>x renewals/new in June $x</li>
<li>x renewals/new in May $x</li>
<li>1 renewals/new in April $20</li>
<li>1 renewals/new in March $20</li>
<li>x Current Paid Members, previous month was 26</li>
<li>x Expired Members, previous month was 296</li>
<li>x Members on meetup.com, previous month 359</li>
<li>x Visitors on meetup.com in June</li>
<li>x Visitors on meetup.com in May</li>
<li>1579 Visitors on meetup.com in April</li>
<li>1933 Visitors on meetup.com in March
<ul>
<li>No real benefit of being a member rather than a visitor
<ul>
<li>Infrastructure -&gt; shell accounts?
<ul>
<li>Beware admin overhead, but is it a currently missing pipeline towards admin help?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Maybe a $5 cover charge for non-members for food/drinks?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="3-events">3. Events</h2>
<ul>
<li>June 2019
<ul>
<li>2019-06-11: Benjaminâ€™s Linux &amp; Open Source LAN Party.
<ul>
<li>5 attendees, social event then Grill&rsquo;d</li>
<li>Build netbox for network independence?
<ul>
<li>mirror/fileserver/transproxy</li>
<li>Steampipe: caching works now</li>
<li>4G/wifi/ethernet uplink</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>July 2019
<ul>
<li>2019-07-09: Posponed to September: Benjamin on MooseFS + The Elastic NAS
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Ben said he won&rsquo;t be in Perth</li>
<li>Video best-of night
<ul>
<li>Value add: Q&amp;A, panel discussion?</li>
<li>By end of Thursday 2019-06-20 further suggestions welcome</li>
<li><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCzVX7-OJtA">AV system - eventstreamr Leon Wright</a>
 51mins, inspiration/prompt</li>
<li>Then and now/review/taking stock</li>
<li>bring kit to make it tangible?</li>
<li>dvswitch vs voctomix</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Food&amp;drink after meetings:
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.theislandeq.com.au/">The Island Brew House</a>
</li>
<li>Grill&rsquo;d</li>
<li>Northbridge: <a href="http://chimekchimek.com.au/">Chimek</a>
? Kebabs?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2019-07-14: Second Sunday Regular PLUG + POSH Hack Day</li>
<li>2019-07-22: PLUG in the Pub. Central?
<ul>
<li>North? Tuart Hill: Mighty Quinn?</li>
<li>West? Subiaco: The Vic/The Village; Cottesloe Albion</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>August 2019
<ul>
<li>Replace with tutorial: Kodi/RetroPie/Blender/LibreCAD/OpenSCAD/FreeCAD/KiCad/Oregano/GQRX/CubicSDR/Inkscape?
<ul>
<li>Wireguard? OpenVPN? Routing
<ul>
<li>&hellip;maybe in a form we could use for PLUG events? Network box that hands out DHCP on one side and takes a wired/wireless/LTE uplink on the other</li>
<li>With a traffic counter screen?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Godot: Free software game engine</li>
<li>or a busybee/hack night?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>September 2019
<ul>
<li>2019-09-10: Benjamin on MooseFS + The Elastic NAS</li>
<li>2019-09-19: PLUG-in-the-Pub @ Pirate Bar
<ul>
<li>Thursday games night again?</li>
<li>19th ITLAPD or the week after?
They are not open Mondays, might have to move the day?</li>
<li>ACTION: to be Confirmed?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Quiz Night 2019?
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Paul: To find out if we can have at the Belgian Beer Cafe</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Installfest ?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Future
<ul>
<li>Talk by Martin Dougiamas
<ul>
<li>Want to be at our best, promotion &amp; AV-wise, so not in August</li>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin to reach out</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="4-general-business-and-matters-arising">4. General Business and Matters Arising</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Update PLUG addresses.</p>
<ul>
<li>(New address President X)
<ul>
<li>PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580
<ul>
<li><a href="https://abr.business.gov.au/ABN/View?id=58233849580">https://abr.business.gov.au/ABN/View?id=58233849580</a></li>
<li>ABN plus name may need updating also - Margaret noted that it has the post code of a previous President and that the name has &ldquo;User&rdquo; instead of &ldquo;Users&rdquo;, this needs to be corrected be corrected</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul and another to co-sign form for Bendigo.</li>
<li>ASIC.gov.au, Margaret noted that there was no address for PLUG on that site</li>
<li>ato.gov.au/ abr auskey</li>
<li>DMIRS.wa.gov.au</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter to check DMIRS address and ensure that annual report has been done</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Peter 2018 financial report on PLUG website .ODP</p>
<ul>
<li>Still TODO? Yes</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>James has sent through a zip file of converted minutes to committee list to check if anything needs to be redacted</p>
<ul>
<li>Sent through to committee list</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<pre><code>Date: Tue, 18 Jun 2019 18:02:13 +0800
From: James Henstridge &lt;james@jamesh.id.au&gt;
To: PLUG Committee &lt;committee@plug.org.au&gt;
Subject: [plug-ctte] Historical minutes for review
</code></pre><ul>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Paul working on tender document RFT2019-05 with Peters help. Will email committee once finished.</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-4OCI0ssp9MuJlYGyzf3f75wsQdWd7NIbZ3bgqHECeg/edit">RFT2019-05 - Mail work</a>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Paul to email LA with specific hosting details/requirements.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="5-new-general-business">5. New General Business</h2>
<hr>
<h2 id="6-next-committee-meeting">6. Next committee meeting</h2>
<ul>
<li>Tuesday 2019-07-16</li>
<li>Agenda URL: ??</li>
<li>Wishlist: AWS pipeline to publish minutes? until server upgrade is online</li>
<li>ACTION: James publish this month&rsquo;s minutes</li>
</ul>
<p>Meeting closed by Benjamin at 8:57 PM.</p>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
