<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-03-16</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-03-16" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening   Meeting opened by
 Started: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg Tuesday 2021-03-16 19:30 adjourned reopened 2021-03-19 18:44    Present: Bennjamin, Peter, Nick, Margaret, James
  Apologies: Paul, Patrick
  Absent: x
  Guest: Sarah (Friday)
  Tuesday 2021-03-16T2020: meeting adjourned to face-to-face meeting (plus online)
 Starts Friday 2021-03-19T1830  30 minutes? workshop time: event wrangling  event exhaustion: can we make them line up better?" />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2021/03-16/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2021-03-16T00:00:00&#43;00:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2021-03-16T00:00:00&#43;00:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-03-16">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening   Meeting opened by
 Started: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg Tuesday 2021-03-16 19:30 adjourned reopened 2021-03-19 18:44    Present: Bennjamin, Peter, Nick, Margaret, James
  Apologies: Paul, Patrick
  Absent: x
  Guest: Sarah (Friday)
  Tuesday 2021-03-16T2020: meeting adjourned to face-to-face meeting (plus online)
 Starts Friday 2021-03-19T1830  30 minutes? workshop time: event wrangling  event exhaustion: can we make them line up better?"><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2021-03-16T00:00:00&#43;00:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2021-03-16T00:00:00&#43;00:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="943">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-03-16"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening   Meeting opened by
 Started: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg Tuesday 2021-03-16 19:30 adjourned reopened 2021-03-19 18:44    Present: Bennjamin, Peter, Nick, Margaret, James
  Apologies: Paul, Patrick
  Absent: x
  Guest: Sarah (Friday)
  Tuesday 2021-03-16T2020: meeting adjourned to face-to-face meeting (plus online)
 Starts Friday 2021-03-19T1830  30 minutes? workshop time: event wrangling  event exhaustion: can we make them line up better?"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2021/03-16/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-03-16</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">March 16, 2021</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Meeting opened by</p>
<ul>
<li>Started: <a href="https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg">https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg</a></li>
<li>Tuesday 2021-03-16 19:30</li>
<li>adjourned</li>
<li>reopened 2021-03-19 18:44</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Present: Bennjamin, Peter, Nick, Margaret, James</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Apologies: Paul, Patrick</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Absent: x</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Guest: Sarah (Friday)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Tuesday 2021-03-16T2020: meeting adjourned to face-to-face meeting (plus online)</p>
<ul>
<li>Starts Friday 2021-03-19T1830
<ul>
<li>30 minutes? workshop time: event wrangling
<ul>
<li>event exhaustion: can we make them line up better?</li>
<li>try not to overload with consecutive &ldquo;ancillary&rdquo; events?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>other agenda items</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes</h2>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-02-16-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-02-16-minutes.md</a>
<ul>
<li>Proposed Peter, seconded Benjamin, passed without dissent</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2-next-committee-meeting">2. Next Committee Meeting</h2>
<ul>
<li>Tuesday 2021-04-20 1930
<ul>
<li>mumble as first preference</li>
<li>fallback <a href="https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg">https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg</a> ?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="3-reports--standing-items">3. Reports &amp; Standing Items</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 2021-03-15 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$283.60 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Debit card (old)
<ul>
<li>Expired current, Expired start of year (Expired start 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Business Debit Card
<ul>
<li>205.05 current, $266.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$4121.71 current, $3801.47 start of year ($2114.42 start 2029)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$40.86 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$4651.22 (was $4886.53 start of year) ($2801.48 start 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$20.00 this month, $38.00 last, 118.00 this year.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$4.50 this month, $5.25 last, $212.99 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>$15.50 this month, $32.75 last, ($94.99) this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Outstanding:
<ul>
<li>Payables
<ul>
<li>$5.25 to Margaret</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$0.00</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Transfers
<ul>
<li>$0.00</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 2021-03-16 (Margaret)
1 renewal since last committee meeting
2 new members since last commmittee meeting</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership trends as of 2021-03-16 (Margaret)
x Current Paid Members 33, previous month was 30
x Expiring Members 1, previous month was 3
x Expired Members 307, previous month was 306
x Members on meetup.com 448, previous month 446</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="4-spacecubed-agreement">4. Spacecubed Agreement</h2>
<ul>
<li>See emails from Amandine</li>
<li>Confirm contact address as <a href="mailto:committee@plug.org.au">committee@plug.org.au</a> (not Paul or Peter)</li>
<li>The poor signal for mobile phones in the Vault makes it difficult for us to go and let people in</li>
<li>Can we specify the Town Hall if available?
<ul>
<li>Happy to move to another space in case of contention/another booking, we just want to use the Town Hall if it&rsquo;s available, near the front glass doors</li>
<li>We appreciate the space and will fit in with your requirements</li>
<li>(The new original 2020 document and the new 2021 document specifies the Vault)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>The agreement says the booking finishes at 8 pm sharp (to allow the cleaners to do their work). This is not ideal if we don&rsquo;t start the talk until 7, but we could work towards it, e.g. no food and drinks after 7.30, pack up immediately after the talk finishes, rather than hanging around chatting. Include this in the &ldquo;housekeeping&rdquo; at the start of each meeting.</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="5-events-status">5. Events Status</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Review of recent events</p>
<ul>
<li>2021-02-21 Michael Collins Jitsi party?</li>
<li>2021-03-09 Event/Talk: Raspberry Pi Jam?
<ul>
<li>about 12 people attended, went well</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2021-03-14 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Forthcoming events</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>2021-03-29 Plug-in-the-Pub ? J.B. O&rsquo;Reilly&rsquo;s Leederville</p>
<ul>
<li>99 Cambridge St, West Leederville WA 6007</li>
<li><a href="http://www.jboreillys.com.au/">http://www.jboreillys.com.au/</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>April</p>
<ul>
<li>2021-04-11 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
<li>2021-04-18 Car Rally Scavenger hunt
<ul>
<li>Replaces second Tuesday</li>
<li>$10/car if you have a member</li>
<li>$20/car non-members wildcard entries?</li>
<li>prizes?
<ul>
<li>Looking for a winning car prize</li>
<li>Supercheapauto/Repco/Autobarn voucher</li>
<li>Car accessories</li>
<li>Map</li>
<li>RC Car</li>
<li>GTA game?
<ul>
<li>Nitro bundle, if they run on GNU/Linux? <a href="https://www.ozbargain.com.au/node/611633">https://www.ozbargain.com.au/node/611633</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Quiz sponsors might have something suitable if we go doorknocking in February</li>
<li>MOTION: Allocate budget of $120 for prizes including:
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.ozbargain.com.au/node/611633">https://www.ozbargain.com.au/node/611633</a></li>
<li>proposed Ben, seconded Peter passed without dissent</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>mail PLUG list for upcoming events: April,May + sponsors wanted</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2021-04-20 Committee Meeting</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>May</p>
<ul>
<li>2021-05-09 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
<li>2021-05-11 Talk: JamesH about Editing Video with code (GStreamer Editing Services)
<ul>
<li>brought forward to have a regular talk/seminar event</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>June</p>
<ul>
<li>2012-06-08 Benjamin on riff.cc</li>
</ul>
<p>Quiz Night in August? Ben to MC. Paul is happy to help organise</p>
<ul>
<li>Sponsors wanted</li>
<li>If others want to help, let us know</li>
<li>Moved from May - needs more prep time?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Future:</p>
<ul>
<li>PLUG-in-the-Pub
<ul>
<li>Broken Hill Hotel, Victoria Park</li>
<li>Little Island Brewing, CBD</li>
<li>The Hampden, Nedlands</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Foreman (Wings)
<ul>
<li>No timeline yet</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>MooseFS Expansion (Wings)</li>
<li>Future Games Nights?</li>
<li>no, not for a while</li>
<li>PLUG AV hack sessions
<ul>
<li>Piggyback on PLUG+POSH Second Sundays for starters, but announce an AV session for&hellip; March+April?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="6-general-business--matters-arising">6. General Business &amp; Matters Arising</h2>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Event promotion: team effort
<ul>
<li>Note update everything from Google Calendar (master)</li>
<li>ACTION: Margaret: email list with announcements/final reminders</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul happy to keep meetup.com up to date</li>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin: Will keep facebook.com up to date</li>
<li>ACTION: All: calendar, backup where needed</li>
<li>ACTION: ??? to investigate promoting on Twitter? (Official PLUG?)
<ul>
<li>Find who has access to the account</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter: will bank some of the cash box moneys - DONE</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73
<ul>
<li>Status I will endeavour to get this done by February.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC (N.B. Benjamin&rsquo;s new address?)
<ul>
<li>Suite 12a, 11 Regal Place, East Perth 6004</li>
<li>Who/what/where to contact next?</li>
<li>Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Domain name issue
<ul>
<li>.org.au holders need documentation of incorporation?</li>
<li>ACTION: Nick followup with Tim: final status is not confirmed as of 2021-02-16</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Numato Opsis
<ul>
<li>Harry found a blown buck regular IC</li>
<li>MOTION: Buy replacement+spares from element14, approximately $30 total
<ul>
<li>Proposed: Nick, Seconded: James</li>
<li>Passed without dissent</li>
<li>ACTION: Nick to order</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank account signatories
<ul>
<li>Attended as planned, Patrick and Margaret added as signatories, debit cards received but Margaret&rsquo;s had the wrong name on - replacement has been ordered.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="7-new-general-business">7. New General Business</h2>
<ul>
<li>review of PLUG mailing lists (this isn&rsquo;t urgent, can postpone till April if time is short) Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM.</li>
<li>LUGcomms
<ul>
<li><a href="https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/lugcomms/2021-March/000295.html">https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/lugcomms/2021-March/000295.html</a></li>
<li>Timezones - maybe we should host in winter/non-DST</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="8-meeting-closed-by-benjamin-at-2009">8. Meeting closed by Benjamin at 20:09.</h2>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
