<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-01-19</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-01-19" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening  Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:44 PM , 2021-01-19T19:44&#43;0800  Started: https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/ben-cnq-r0d-l26 Continued: mumble.plug.org.au  (using https://www.mumble.info/ software)      Attendance  Present: Benjamin, James, Nick, Patrick, Paul, Peter. Apologies: Margaret Absent: Guest:  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-11-17-minutes.md
 MOTION: Proposed by James and seconded by Ben. Change Ben to attendee for last meeting minutes.  2. Next Committee Meeting  Proposed to be on @ UCC BigBlueButton Would like to use a Digital Ocean BBB instance from now on?" />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2021/01-19/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2021-01-19T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2021-01-19T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-01-19">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening  Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:44 PM , 2021-01-19T19:44&#43;0800  Started: https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/ben-cnq-r0d-l26 Continued: mumble.plug.org.au  (using https://www.mumble.info/ software)      Attendance  Present: Benjamin, James, Nick, Patrick, Paul, Peter. Apologies: Margaret Absent: Guest:  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-11-17-minutes.md
 MOTION: Proposed by James and seconded by Ben. Change Ben to attendee for last meeting minutes.  2. Next Committee Meeting  Proposed to be on @ UCC BigBlueButton Would like to use a Digital Ocean BBB instance from now on?"><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2021-01-19T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2021-01-19T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="908">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-01-19"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening  Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:44 PM , 2021-01-19T19:44&#43;0800  Started: https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/ben-cnq-r0d-l26 Continued: mumble.plug.org.au  (using https://www.mumble.info/ software)      Attendance  Present: Benjamin, James, Nick, Patrick, Paul, Peter. Apologies: Margaret Absent: Guest:  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-11-17-minutes.md
 MOTION: Proposed by James and seconded by Ben. Change Ben to attendee for last meeting minutes.  2. Next Committee Meeting  Proposed to be on @ UCC BigBlueButton Would like to use a Digital Ocean BBB instance from now on?"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2021/01-19/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-01-19</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">January 19, 2021</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening</h2>
<ul>
<li>Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:44 PM , 2021-01-19T19:44+0800
<ul>
<li>Started: <a href="https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/ben-cnq-r0d-l26">https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/ben-cnq-r0d-l26</a></li>
<li>Continued: mumble.plug.org.au
<ul>
<li>(using <a href="https://www.mumble.info/">https://www.mumble.info/</a> software)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="attendance">Attendance</h2>
<ul>
<li>Present: Benjamin, James, Nick, Patrick, Paul, Peter.</li>
<li>Apologies: Margaret</li>
<li>Absent:</li>
<li>Guest:</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes</h2>
<p><a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-11-17-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-11-17-minutes.md</a></p>
<ul>
<li>MOTION: Proposed by James and seconded by Ben.</li>
<li>Change Ben to attendee for last meeting minutes.</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2-next-committee-meeting">2. Next Committee Meeting</h2>
<ul>
<li>Proposed to be on  @ UCC BigBlueButton</li>
<li>Would like to use a Digital Ocean BBB instance from now on?
<ul>
<li>ephemeral, destroy after use, attempt at <a href="https://bbb.plug.org.au/">https://bbb.plug.org.au/</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="3-reports--standing-items">3. Reports &amp; Standing Items</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 2021-01-18 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$694.60 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Debit card (old)
<ul>
<li>Expired current, Expired start of year (Expired start 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Business Debit Card
<ul>
<li>$209.55 current, $266.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$3756.96 current, $3801.47 start of year ($2114.42 start 2029)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$34.73 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$4786.57 (was $4886.53 start of year) ($2801.48 start 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$20.00 this month, $40.00 last, $20.00 this year.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$63.24 this month, $56.72 last, $63.24 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>($43.24) this month, ($16.72) last,($43.24) this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Outstanding:
<ul>
<li>Payables
<ul>
<li>Up to date</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables</li>
<li>Transfers
<ul>
<li>Up to date</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>meetup.com renewal paid $140 (Paul 2021-01-19)
<ul>
<li><a href="https://meetup.com/pricing">https://meetup.com/pricing</a> -&gt; <a href="https://help.meetup.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001620472-Organizer-Subscription-Pricing">https://help.meetup.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001620472-Organizer-Subscription-Pricing</a></li>
<li>USD$98.94 + GST, per 6 months, next renewal due 2021-06</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 2021-01-19 (Paul)
1 renewals/new in January $20
1 renewals/new in December $20
3 renewals/new in November $50
0 renewals/new in October $0
2 renewals/new in September $170 (including donation)
1 renewals/new in August $20
1 renewals/new in July $20</p>
<ul>
<li>Paul confirmed the above in the bank statement</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership trends as of 2021-01-19 (Paul)
31 Current Paid Members January
308 Expired Members January
445 Members on meetup.com January
29 Current Paid Members December, previous month was 31
306 Expired Members December, previous month was 303
423 Members on meetup.com December, previous month 417</p>
<ul>
<li>Paul: apologies, doesn&rsquo;t have the early stats.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="4-events-status">4. Events Status</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Review of recent events</p>
<ul>
<li>2020 November PLUG-in-the-Pub: Last Drop Beeliar</li>
<li>2020 December Xmas BBQ King&rsquo;s Park</li>
<li>2021 January AGM
<ul>
<li>Food suggested, but needed organising.</li>
<li>There was someone interested in nominating from the floor, but positions were not available for nominating (due to pre-nominations)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Forthcoming events</p>
<ul>
<li>Wanting to plan+calendar events 3+ months (even 6+ months) in advance</li>
<li>January 2021
<ul>
<li>Monday 2021-01-25 PLUG-in-the-Pub <a href="https://www.seasonalbrewing.beer/">https://www.seasonalbrewing.beer/</a> Maylands?
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Nick: add to calendar</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>February:
<ul>
<li>Second Tuesday 2021-02-09 Talk: Ben about Puppet
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin to update calendar entry with blurb</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Second Sunday 2021-02-14 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
<li>Third Tuesday 2021-02-16 Committee Meeting</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>March:
<ul>
<li>2021-03-09 Event/Talk: Raspberry PI Jam?
<ul>
<li>Benjamin said can maybe able to demo Minimagnus V2 Supercomputer</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2021-03-14 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
<li>2021-03-16 Committee Meeting</li>
<li>2021-03-29 Plug-in-the-Pub ? <em>see below list</em></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>April:
<ul>
<li>2021-04-11 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
<li>Third Sunday 2021-04-18
<ul>
<li>Steve: Suggested a car rally (scavenger type event) at the AGM.</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul has emailed Steve, followup</li>
<li>Morning would be better than evening?</li>
<li>This will replace the talk</li>
<li>$10 (preferred) - $20 (for prizes?) entry? BYO BBQ? PLUG banner?</li>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin will follow up with Steve about prizes.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2021-04-20 Committee Meeting</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>May
<ul>
<li>2021-05-11 Quiz Night? Ben to MC. Paul is happy to help organise.</li>
<li>If others want to help let us know.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>June
<ul>
<li>2021-05-8: Talk: James about Editing Video with code (GStreamer Editing Services)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Future:</p>
<ul>
<li>Michael: Every month or quarterly let’s have a jitsi party online to chat and catch up
<ul>
<li>It&rsquo;s free, come hang out online. Hosted by jitsi.perthchat.org</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>PLUG-in-the-Pub
<ul>
<li>Broken Hill Hotel, Victoria Park</li>
<li>Little Island Brewing, CBD</li>
<li>The Hampden, Nedlands</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Foreman (Wings)
<ul>
<li>No timeline yet</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>MooseFS Expansion (Wings)
<ul>
<li>2021-04 possibly</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Editing video with code (GStreamer Editing Services) (jamesh)
<ul>
<li>First half of 2021</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Future Games Nights? (no, not for a while)</li>
<li>PLUG AV hack sessions</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="5-general-business--matters-arising">5. General Business &amp; Matters Arising</h2>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Event promotion: team effort
<ul>
<li>Note update everything from Google Calendar (master)</li>
<li>ACTION: Margaret: email list with announcements/final reminders</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul happy to keep meetup.com up to date</li>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin: Will keep facebook.com up to date</li>
<li>ACTION: All: calendar, backup where needed</li>
<li>ACTION: ??? to investigate promoting on Twitter? (Official PLUG?)
<ul>
<li>Find who has access to the account</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter: will bank some of the cash box moneys</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73
<ul>
<li>Status I will endeavour to get this done by February.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Paul: Amandine Trouillet - Spacecubed agreement
<ul>
<li>Status: On Hold. Amandine replied and said she doesn&rsquo;t have it ready yet</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC (N.B. Benjamin&rsquo;s new address?)
<ul>
<li>Who/what/where to contact next?</li>
<li>Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Server migration RFT2019-11 (r2)
<ul>
<li>General admin help always wanted, have tried to onboard through hack sessions</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: New signatory on Bendigo Business Basic account
<ul>
<li>Join 2 other signatories during business hours; &ldquo;Friday or Monday can probably be made to work for me&rdquo; &ndash; PL, BA, NB</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Ben to ensure POSH meetup account is closed so that Stephen isn&rsquo;t paying for it - Still needs doing
<ul>
<li>Should be done</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="6-new-general-business">6. New General Business</h2>
<ul>
<li>Domain name issue
<ul>
<li>.org.au holders need documentation of incorporation?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Nick followup with Tim</li>
<li>Bank account signatories
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Patrick will need to visit Bendigo to get added to the account: plan for Wednesday 2021-01-27</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Can someone give us a quick status update of the server migration from AWS to Digital Ocean?
<ul>
<li>Around 90% done. Maybe another month/two.</li>
<li>Thanks to Nick and Benjamin for your hard work in 2020</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Meeting closed by Benjamin at 8:49 PM.</p>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
