<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-08-20</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-08-20" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:32 PM
Attendance:
 Present: Benjamin (Chair), James (OCM), Nick (Vice-Chair), Peter (Treasurer) Apologies: Margaret, Paul, Michel Absent: None Guests/Observers: Lawrence  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. MOTION: Proposed by Ben and Seconded by James, Nick Passed? Yes. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-07-16-minutes.md
2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 20-08-2019 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year ($252." />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2019/08-20/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2019-08-20T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2019-08-20T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-08-20">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:32 PM
Attendance:
 Present: Benjamin (Chair), James (OCM), Nick (Vice-Chair), Peter (Treasurer) Apologies: Margaret, Paul, Michel Absent: None Guests/Observers: Lawrence  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. MOTION: Proposed by Ben and Seconded by James, Nick Passed? Yes. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-07-16-minutes.md
2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 20-08-2019 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year ($252."><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2019-08-20T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2019-08-20T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="905">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-08-20"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:32 PM
Attendance:
 Present: Benjamin (Chair), James (OCM), Nick (Vice-Chair), Peter (Treasurer) Apologies: Margaret, Paul, Michel Absent: None Guests/Observers: Lawrence  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes. MOTION: Proposed by Ben and Seconded by James, Nick Passed? Yes. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-07-16-minutes.md
2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.   Financial Situation as of 20-08-2019 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year ($252."/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2019/08-20/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-08-20</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">August 20, 2019</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening</h2>
<p>Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:32 PM</p>
<p>Attendance:</p>
<ul>
<li>Present: Benjamin (Chair), James (OCM), Nick (Vice-Chair), Peter (Treasurer)</li>
<li>Apologies: Margaret, Paul, Michel</li>
<li>Absent: None</li>
<li>Guests/Observers: Lawrence</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.</h2>
<p>MOTION: Proposed by Ben and Seconded by James, Nick Passed? Yes.
<a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-07-16-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2019-07-16-minutes.md</a></p>
<h2 id="2-reports--standing-items">2. Reports &amp; Standing Items.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 20-08-2019 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$436.35 current, $252.55 start of year  ($252.55 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Debit card(old)
<ul>
<li>$40.86 current, $40.86 start of year            ($40.86  start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Load&amp;Go(new)
<ul>
<li>$0.00 current, $27.89 start of year    ($161.21 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$2552.71 current, $2850.34 start of year        ($3469.95 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$31.27 from expired Load&amp;Go (new)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$3061.19 (was $3309.34 start of year)   ($3924.57 start 2018)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$0.00 this month,     $120.00 last, $702.00 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$0.00 this month,     $0.00 last, $904.15 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>$0.00 this month,    $120.00 last, ($202.15) this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Outstanding
<ul>
<li>Debts
<ul>
<li>$71.22 for AWS June 2019</li>
<li>$75.56 for AWS July 2019</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receipts
<ul>
<li>$78.90 from Donations (to be confirmed)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 20-08-2019(Paul)</p>
<ul>
<li>0 renewals/new in August $0</li>
<li>6 renewals/new in July $120 + donations</li>
<li>7 renewals/new in June $140 + donations</li>
<li>4 renewals/new in May $80</li>
<li>23 Current Paid Members, previous month was 28</li>
<li>302 Expired Members, previous month was 297</li>
<li>389 Members on meetup.com, previous month 384</li>
<li>Note: A lot of our memberships expire around March-September</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="3-events-status">3. Events status.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>September</p>
<ul>
<li>2019-09-10: Benjamin on MooseFS &amp; The Elastic NAS</li>
<li>2019-09-19: PLUG-in-the-Pub ITLAPD@ piratebar.com.au Nick Arrrr!.
ACTION: Nick: Promote on the mailing list.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>October</p>
<ul>
<li>Talk or maybe a good idea to work on AV/Admin/your own project?
<ul>
<li>ACTION/TODO: Make an agenda</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>November</p>
<ul>
<li>Quiz Night, 2nd Tuesday November? 2019-11-12
<ul>
<li>ACTION/TODO: Lock in some basics in the coming week or two - committee and main mailing list</li>
<li>Venue
<ul>
<li>Try near the city?</li>
<li>Belgian Beer Cafe function room?</li>
<li>Last Drop? out of the way, south?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Quizmaster/MC?
<ul>
<li>MC?
<ul>
<li>Ask Magnus &ldquo;Danger&rdquo; Magnus?</li>
<li>James Bromberger?</li>
<li>others?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Ben could contribute to questions</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Prizes?
<ul>
<li>O&rsquo;Reilly e-book vouchers?
<ul>
<li>We last requested a voucher on April 2014.  Search for &ldquo;book request for Perth Linux User Group&rdquo; in committee list archives.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Business email/calling/doorknocking</li>
<li>Donations drive, spot prizes, incentives</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Questions should be more general knowledge -
Benjamin suggests 80% or more be general knowledge, remaining
be open source/Linux-based questions
(Nick suggests a bonus round, or a separate quiz for those?)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Talk or maybe a good idea to work on AV/Admin/your own project?</li>
<li>2019-11-25: PLUG-in-the-Pub @ ?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>December</p>
<ul>
<li>Christmas BBQ party.
ACTION: choose date
<ul>
<li>Sat 7th or Sun 8th - maybe at POSH?
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Hackers/events/tvgcnqyzqblb/">https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Hackers/events/tvgcnqyzqblb/</a></li>
<li>ACTION: Nick: check costs?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>over Sat 14th or Sunday 15th?</li>
<li>First weekend may be better before Christmas parties.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Future</p>
<ul>
<li>Talk by Martin, Want to be at our best, promotion &amp; AV-wise.   * First weekend may be better before Christmas par  ties.</li>
</ul>
<p>ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?</p>
<ul>
<li>Puppet Inc may want to do with us, need to talk to Gino (but as above)
ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?</li>
<li>OpenVPN? Routing, Wireguard?</li>
<li>Godot: Free software game engine</li>
<li>Puppet talk in future, Benjamins contact</li>
<li>Foreman? (Bare Metal Deployment with Foreman)</li>
<li>Paul, Leon doing his LCA2020 talk if approved</li>
<li>RPi 4 demo</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="4-general-business-and-matters-arising">4. General Business and Matters Arising.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Update PLUG addresses.</p>
<ul>
<li>(New address President X)</li>
<li>PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580</li>
<li>TODO: Paul and another to co-sign form for Bendigo.</li>
<li>ASIC.gov.au, Margaret noted that there was no address for PLUG on that site</li>
<li>DMIRS.wa.gov.au, ACTION: Peter to check address and ensure that annual report has been done.</li>
<li>Auskey/abr. Paul, I was told once you update that the ato will be updated, will wait for Peter.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Peter 2018 financial report on PLUG website .ODP</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Motion to open an interest bearing bank account</p>
<ul>
<li>MOTION: The PLUG committee authorises the opening of an
interest-bearing savings account with Bendigo Bank with
the same approved signatories as our current Bendigo
Transaction account.
<ul>
<li>Benjamin proposes, Nick seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Motion to open a bank account (one-to-sign) and get a debit card to use instead of load-and-go card.</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>MOTION: The PLUG committee authorises the opening of an
account with Bendigo Bank suitable for use with debit/credit
card transactions, with the same approved signatories as our
current Bendigo Transaction account.</p>
<ul>
<li>Benjamin proposes, James seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>MOTION: The PLUG committee authorises the Chair
to request a Visa or Mastercard debit card attached
to the above account.</p>
<ul>
<li>Nick proposes, James seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>MOTION: The PLUG committee authorises the Treasurer
to request a Visa or Mastercard debit card attached
to the above account.</p>
<ul>
<li>Nick proposes, James seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="5-new-general-business">5. New General Business.</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Big thanks to Benjamin for buying us a digital ocean server VM. Please send us the receipt so I can send to Linux Australia.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If AV and or Admin would like to give a quick report.
(Please keep it short for everyone working tomorrow:)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Nick reimbursement request for Amazon AWS credit  13 Aug 2019 PAYPAL *WASIS AUD$35.12</p>
<ul>
<li>MOTION: Reimburse Nick $35.12 for Amazon AWS credit
<ul>
<li>James proposes, Peter seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>MOTION: Reimburse Benjamin $71.22 for Amazon AWS emergency payment
<ul>
<li>James proposes, Nick seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>MOTION: Reimburse Peter $75.56 for Amazon AWS emergency payment
<ul>
<li>James proposes, Benjamin seconds. All in favour. Motion passed unanimously.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>AV publicity material</p>
<ul>
<li>Lawrence: borrow video camera, create flyer, greenscreen background?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="6-next-committee-meeting">6. Next committee meeting.</h2>
<ul>
<li>Tuesday 2019-09-17 1930</li>
</ul>
<p>Meeting closed by Benjamin 8:51 PM</p>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
