<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-03-17</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-03-17" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening  Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:42 PM 2020-03-17  Attendance  Present: Benjamin, Margaret, Nick, Peter, James Apologies: Paul Absent: Michel  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes  MOTION: Proposed by James and seconded by Nick. Passed without dissent. Yes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-02-18-minutes.md  2. Reports &amp; Standing Items   Financial Situation as of 2020-03-17 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $592.60 current, $582.60 start of year ($390." />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2020/03-17/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2020-03-17T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2020-03-17T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-03-17">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening  Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:42 PM 2020-03-17  Attendance  Present: Benjamin, Margaret, Nick, Peter, James Apologies: Paul Absent: Michel  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes  MOTION: Proposed by James and seconded by Nick. Passed without dissent. Yes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-02-18-minutes.md  2. Reports &amp; Standing Items   Financial Situation as of 2020-03-17 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $592.60 current, $582.60 start of year ($390."><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2020-03-17T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2020-03-17T00:00:00&#43;08:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="1086">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-03-17"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening  Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:42 PM 2020-03-17  Attendance  Present: Benjamin, Margaret, Nick, Peter, James Apologies: Paul Absent: Michel  1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes  MOTION: Proposed by James and seconded by Nick. Passed without dissent. Yes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-02-18-minutes.md  2. Reports &amp; Standing Items   Financial Situation as of 2020-03-17 (Peter)
 Balances:  Cash box  $592.60 current, $582.60 start of year ($390."/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2020/03-17/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-03-17</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">March 17, 2020</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening</h2>
<ul>
<li>Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:42 PM 2020-03-17</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="attendance">Attendance</h2>
<ul>
<li>Present: Benjamin, Margaret, Nick, Peter, James</li>
<li>Apologies: Paul</li>
<li>Absent: Michel</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes</h2>
<ul>
<li>MOTION: Proposed by James and seconded by Nick. Passed without dissent. Yes
<a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-02-18-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2020-02-18-minutes.md</a></li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2-reports--standing-items">2. Reports &amp; Standing Items</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 2020-03-17 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$592.60 current, $582.60 start of year ($390.25 start 2019)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Debit card(old)
<ul>
<li>Expired current, Expired start of year ($40.86  start 2019)
(Paul: should this be removed? Peter: has it been recovered?)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$2098.47 current, $2114.42 start of year ($2754.04 start 2019)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$34.73 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
<ul>
<li>Peter: Paul reports that Paul has received the money</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$2795.53 (was $2801.48 start of year) ($3213.04 start 2019)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$52.00 this month, $61.90 last, $183.90 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$21.00 this month, $101.90 last, $165.24 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>$31.00 this month, ($40.00) last, $18.66 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Outstanding:
<ul>
<li>No outstanding debts</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 2020-03-17 (Paul)</p>
<ul>
<li>No update this month.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="3-events-status">3. Events status</h2>
<ul>
<li>Covid-19 response
<ul>
<li>Spacecubed has requested cancellation of all events with more than 30 attendees, and no food to be served.</li>
<li>Linux Australia advice: <a href="http://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/announce/2020-March/000313.html">http://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/announce/2020-March/000313.html</a></li>
<li>We should provide hand sanitiser!</li>
<li>MOTION: Announce that March 2020 PLUG in the Pub is canceled-
<ul>
<li>Proposed by Peter and seconded by Margaret.
<ul>
<li>For: 4 Against: 1</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<ul>
<li>We&rsquo;re down a couple of committee members and the Chair has to go</li>
<li>MOTION: Adjourn until 19:30 next week
<ul>
<li>
<p>Proposed by Nick and seconded by Margaret.</p>
<ul>
<li>Passed without dissent.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Meeting adjourned until Tuesday 2020-03-24 19:30</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Meeting adjourned at 2020-03-17 20:17</strong></p>
<hr>
<p><strong>Meeting reopened at 2020-03-24 19:38 by Benjamin</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>March 2020</p>
<ul>
<li>Raspberry Pi Jam and Workshop. 2020-03-10
<ul>
<li>Feedback for RPF
<ul>
<li>Make sure we get the right resistors (we got the wrong ones and had to jerry rig something together to make the LED bright enough to see)</li>
<li>Wiring diagrams on the example activity cards did not specify which lead on the LED should go where</li>
<li>Shirts were high quality and went quickly, and 1 each of M, L, XL was a great mix</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Feedback for us
<ul>
<li>Next time we need at least 2-3 &ldquo;complete stations&rdquo; - ie, keyboard and mouse and monitor and cables to hook up any Pi generation. We don&rsquo;t need to go so far as to have a setup for everyone, as people will happily huddle together in 3-5 person groups</li>
<li>We can and will reuse a bunch of the parts from this Jam @ the next one</li>
<li>Let&rsquo;s arrange it and advertise it way sooner next time</li>
<li>Maybe have some slides to start and end the event</li>
<li>Would like to have more demos + talks on the night, and to see both more quality and quantity</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>April 2020</p>
<ul>
<li>In person events seem to be off the agenda for the forseeable future (6 to 12 months?)</li>
<li>Talk: 2020-04-14 Jamesh Github</li>
<li>Talked about software possibilities for virutal presentation
<ul>
<li><a href="http://docs.bigbluebutton.org/">Big Blue Button</a>
</li>
<li><a href="https://discordapp.com/">Discord</a>
</li>
<li><a href="https://matrix.org/">Matrix</a>
</li>
<li>other</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>James noted that we need something for presenting (ie: slides)
<ul>
<li>Nick thinks that Big Blue Button might be good</li>
<li>Aiming for an April event seems unlikely</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Margaret thinks that we should cancel events in the calendar, and send an email about the situation and say that we will be investigating virtual events</li>
<li>Continue talk about Big Blue Button</li>
<li>Benjamin notes that Perth Machine Learning group is using Discord Voice Chat with Screen Sharing</li>
<li>Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2020-04-12</li>
<li>(Paid venue)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>James suggests using the time slot for testing online and virtual tools</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Nick wants to use the next regular timeslot for a practice virtual presentation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Future</p>
<ul>
<li>Paul: We should draft an email to send to members that we are cancelling in person events for Covid19, and all committee members can read/edit before we send out?
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Benjamin to draft an announcement, then send out</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>May: Focal Fossa Ubuntu 20/04 pre-release demo/launch party?
<ul>
<li>Expected release date 2020-04-23</li>
<li>POSTPONED</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>June: Quiz?
<ul>
<li>Take it to email, need to book a venue.</li>
<li>POSTPONED</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Talk by Martin
<ul>
<li>POSTPONED</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Puppet Inc may want to do with us, need to talk to Gino (but as above)
<ul>
<li>POSTPONED</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>OpenVPN? Routing, Wireguard?</li>
<li>Godot: Free software game engine</li>
<li>Foreman? (Bare Metal Deployment with Foreman)</li>
<li>RPi 4 demo</li>
<li>Blender</li>
<li>Netbox (IPAM/DCIM)</li>
<li>Snipe-IT (python inventory management)</li>
<li>Boostnote</li>
<li>Anki
<ul>
<li>
<p>POSTPONED</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Nick to update Google caalendar with &ldquo;In Person events cancelled for now; virtual events being investigated&rdquo;</p>
<ul>
<li>Should match Benjamin&rsquo;s announcement</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="4-general-business-and-matters-arising">4. General Business and Matters Arising</h2>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Update PLUG addresses
<ul>
<li>(New address President X)
<ul>
<li>PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580</li>
<li>done: DMIRS.</li>
<li>done: Bendigo Bank.</li>
<li>ASIC.gov.au, Margaret noted that there was no address for PLUG on that site.
<ul>
<li>STATUS: Need to update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter will update the address associated with the ABN, Paul can help.
<ul>
<li>Peter still to do</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter 2018 &amp; 2019 financial report on PLUG website .ODP
* In Progress - see below
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Peter to make the financial report available, as presented to the 2020-02-11 AGM
<ul>
<li>Done!</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Nick will help to get it into the published site
<ul>
<li>Nick still to do</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>TODO: New Bendigo accounts, Benjamin/Peter/Nick - Banks require forms to be signed.
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Back to the bank. Peter&amp;Nick, Monday afternoon 2020-03-30</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Update Spacecubed/Riff agreement</li>
<li>TODO: Peter will bank some of the cash box moneys.
<ul>
<li>STATUS: Still to do</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>TODO: Paul: I received a $34.73 cheque for the Load and Go card and I will cash it.
<ul>
<li>Server migration to Digital Ocean is progressing.
<ul>
<li>We anticipate for it to be complete in March. If it takes long Nick will notify us if more time is needed:)
<ul>
<li>Status: Some interdependencies have been identified and are being worked on</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Nick: Not getting a lot of hacking time, so blockers tend to affect the entire migration process</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="5-new-general-business">5. New General Business</h2>
<ul>
<li>Margaret: we need to have a complete copy of (at least) the AGM minutes with full names in it
<ul>
<li>This does not need to be the one on the website - that can have the names redacted.</li>
<li>Nick is keen for us to get a better workflow that ties in with Peter&rsquo;s desire to have agendas available</li>
<li>Peter: we need to distinguish what is agenda material from what is discussed material</li>
<li>Margaret thinks that the previous material needs to be excised so that it is not confusing what is new or not; financial and membership details can be added beforehand
<ul>
<li>We should have just the topics added to the new general business, no need for full details.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2 id="6-next-committee-meeting">6. Next committee meeting</h2>
<ul>
<li>Tuesday 2020-04-21 19:30</li>
</ul>
<p>Meeting closed by Benjamin at 8:34 PM.</p>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
